Ah!
Lord Guo
Master Guo Douzhu Guo Douzhu
You don't deserve to talk to me
Call the blood rose
Hahahaha
You are so loud
Dare to call Lord Rose by her first name
This is the soul
Hurt my brother like my door
Even the name and soul of Lord Rose dare to slander
I just don't take you seriously
You're so arrogant!
Ah!
Guo Douzhu killed him
Cut him to pieces
Guo Duzhuo
My husband came home on impulse when he was about to recoil
But he was also there to protect me from the bad guys
And?
Qinghe man-made Yanqing
Do not seek justice
But ask the helmsman to be just
Let go of Lin Fan and our Qiao family
Qinghe, what nonsense are you talking about?
Lin Fan has nothing to do with our Qiao family
Lin Fan has long been abolished by our family
Wrong, you understand enough
I understand the situation
I am the most fair person
frequent
Bite off one of Xu Ziheng's ears
Now you cut off one of your ears.
Apologize for this
Uncle, this is too cheap for him. Well, he is
What's the matter, I need to do it myself?
Helmsman, he spared you once
If he does it himself
You're already suffering
He deserves to cut my ears too
Why are you afraid of pain?
Then I'll cut it for you.
The knives of our Blood Jade Gate are notoriously fast.
Humph
Is it as fast as me?